docs/src/pages/quasar-cli-webpack/directory-structure.md, before:

---
title: Directory Structure
desc: (@quasar/app-webpack) The structure of a Quasar app with explanations for each folder and file.
scope:
  tree:
    l: "."
    c:
    - l: public
      e: Pure static assets (directly copied)
      url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/handling-assets#static-assets-public"
    - l: src
      c:
      - l: assets/
        e: Dynamic assets (processed by Vite)
        url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/handling-assets#regular-assets-src-assets"
      - l: components/
        e: ".vue components used in pages & layouts"
        url: "/start/how-to-use-vue#vue-single-file-components-sfc-"
      - l: css
        e: CSS/Sass/... files for your app
        c:
        - l: app.sass
        - l: quasar.variables.sass
          e: Quasar Sass variables for you to tweak
          url: "/style/sass-scss-variables"
      - l: layouts/
        e: Layout .vue files
        url: "/layout/layout"
      - l: pages/
        e: Page .vue files
      - l: boot/
        e: Boot files (app initialization code)
        url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/boot-files"
      - l: router
        e: Vue Router
        url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/routing"
        c:
        - l: index.js
          e: Vue Router definition
        - l: routes.js
          e: App Routes definitions
      - l: stores
        e: Pinia Stores
        url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/state-management-with-pinia"
        c:
        - l: index.js
          e: Pinia initialization
        - l: "<store>"
          e: Pinia stores...
        - l: "<store>..."
      - l: App.vue
        e: Root Vue component of your App
    - l: src-ssr/
      e: SSR specific code (like production Node webserver)
      url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/developing-ssr/introduction"
    - l: src-pwa/
      e: PWA specific code (like Service Worker)
      url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/developing-pwa/introduction"
    - l: src-capacitor/
      e: Capacitor generated folder used to create Mobile Apps
      url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/developing-capacitor-apps/introduction"
    - l: src-cordova/
      e: Cordova generated folder used to create Mobile Apps
      url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/developing-cordova-apps/introduction"
    - l: src-electron/
      e: Electron specific code (like "main" thread)
      url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/developing-electron-apps/introduction"
    - l: src-bex/
      e: BEX (browser extension) specific code (like "main" thread)
      url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/developing-browser-extensions/introduction"
    - l: dist
      e: Where production builds go
      c:
      - l: spa
        e: Example when building SPA
      - l: ssr
        e: Example when building SSR
      - l: electron
        e: Example when building Electron
      - l: "..."
    - l: quasar.config.js
      e: Quasar App Config file
      url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/quasar-config-file"
    - l: index.html
      e: Template for index.html
    - l: ".gitignore"
      e: GIT ignore paths
      url: https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore
    - l: ".editorconfig"
      e: EditorConfig file
      url: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EditorConfig.EditorConfig
    - l: ".eslintignore"
      e: ESLint ignore paths
      url: https://eslint.org/docs/latest/user-guide/configuring/ignoring-code#the-eslintignore-file
    - l: ".eslintrc.cjs"
      e: ESLint config
      url: https://eslint.org/docs/latest/user-guide/configuring/configuration-files#using-configuration-files
    - l: postcss.config.cjs
      e: PostCSS config
      url: https://github.com/postcss/postcss
    - l: babel.config.cjs
      e: Babel config
      url: https://babeljs.io/docs/
    - l: jsconfig.json
      e: Editor config (if not using TypeScript)
      url: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/jsconfig
    - l: tsconfig.json
      e: TypeScript config
      url: https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/tsconfig-json.html
    - l: package.json
      e: npm scripts and dependencies
      url: https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v9/configuring-npm/package-json
    - l: README.md
      e: Readme for your website/App
      url: https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-readmes
---
This is the structure of a project with all modes installed. There's no reason to be intimidated though!

::: tip
If you are a beginner, all you'll need to care about is the `/quasar.config` file (Quasar App Config file), `/src/router`, `/src/layouts`, `/src/pages` and optionally `/src/assets`.
:::

<DocTree :def="scope.tree" />

Commit message:

feat(docs): more work on q/app-webpack pages

docs/src/pages/quasar-cli-webpack/directory-structure.md, after:

---
title: Directory Structure
desc: (@quasar/app-webpack) The structure of a Quasar app with explanations for each folder and file.
scope:
  tree:
    l: "."
    c:
    - l: public
      e: Pure static assets (directly copied)
      url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/handling-assets#static-assets-public"
    - l: src
      c:
      - l: assets/
        e: Dynamic assets (processed by Webpack)
        url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/handling-assets#regular-assets-src-assets"
      - l: components/
        e: ".vue components used in pages & layouts"
        url: "/start/how-to-use-vue#vue-single-file-components-sfc-"
      - l: css
        e: CSS/Sass/... files for your app
        c:
        - l: app.sass
        - l: quasar.variables.sass
          e: Quasar Sass variables for you to tweak
          url: "/style/sass-scss-variables"
      - l: layouts/
        e: Layout .vue files
        url: "/layout/layout"
      - l: pages/
        e: Page .vue files
      - l: boot/
        e: Boot files (app initialization code)
        url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/boot-files"
      - l: router
        e: Vue Router
        url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/routing"
        c:
        - l: index.js
          e: (or .ts) Vue Router definition
        - l: routes.js
          e: (or .ts) App Routes definitions
      - l: stores
        e: Pinia Stores
        url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/state-management-with-pinia"
        c:
        - l: index.js
          e: (or .ts) Pinia initialization
        - l: "<store>"
          e: Pinia stores...
        - l: "<store>..."
      - l: App.vue
        e: Root Vue component of your App
    - l: src-ssr/
      e: SSR specific code (like production Node webserver)
      url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/developing-ssr/introduction"
    - l: src-pwa/
      e: PWA specific code (like Service Worker)
      url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/developing-pwa/introduction"
    - l: src-capacitor/
      e: Capacitor generated folder used to create Mobile Apps
      url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/developing-capacitor-apps/introduction"
    - l: src-cordova/
      e: Cordova generated folder used to create Mobile Apps
      url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/developing-cordova-apps/introduction"
    - l: src-electron/
      e: Electron specific code (like "main" thread)
      url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/developing-electron-apps/introduction"
    - l: src-bex/
      e: BEX (browser extension) specific code (like "main" thread)
      url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/developing-browser-extensions/introduction"
    - l: dist
      e: Where production builds go
      c:
      - l: spa
        e: Example when building SPA
      - l: ssr
        e: Example when building SSR
      - l: electron
        e: Example when building Electron
      - l: "..."
    - l: quasar.config.js
      e: (or .ts) Quasar App Config file
      url: "/quasar-cli-webpack/quasar-config-file"
    - l: index.html
      e: Template for index.html
    - l: ".gitignore"
      e: GIT ignore paths
      url: https://git-scm.com/docs/gitignore
    - l: ".editorconfig"
      e: EditorConfig file
      url: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EditorConfig.EditorConfig
    - l: ".eslintignore"
      e: ESLint ignore paths
      url: https://eslint.org/docs/latest/user-guide/configuring/ignoring-code#the-eslintignore-file
    - l: ".eslintrc.cjs"
      e: ESLint config
      url: https://eslint.org/docs/latest/user-guide/configuring/configuration-files#using-configuration-files
    - l: postcss.config.cjs
      e: PostCSS config
      url: https://github.com/postcss/postcss
    - l: babel.config.cjs
      e: Babel config
      url: https://babeljs.io/docs/
    - l: jsconfig.json
      e: Editor config (if not using TypeScript)
      url: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/jsconfig
    - l: tsconfig.json
      e: TypeScript config
      url: https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/tsconfig-json.html
    - l: package.json
      e: npm scripts and dependencies
      url: https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/v9/configuring-npm/package-json
    - l: README.md
      e: Readme for your website/App
      url: https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-readmes
---
This is the structure of a project with all modes installed. There's no reason to be intimidated though!

::: tip
If you are a beginner, all you'll need to care about is the `/quasar.config` file (Quasar App Config file), `/src/router`, `/src/layouts`, `/src/pages` and optionally `/src/assets`.
:::

<DocTree :def="scope.tree" />
